# `atwr` | A Tree With Roots

[LosslessBob LB-11201](http://www.losslessbob.wonderingwhattochoose.com/detail/LB-11201.html)

## Description ([source](https://theband.hiof.no/albums/boot_tree_with_roots.html), where artwork files may also be found)

> The Genuine Basement Tape Remasters: 4CD Dylan bootleg set released in 2001 on both the White Bear and the Wild Wolf label, then again in 2002 in box format by Vagabond Wilbury Records, with minor additions. The boot is probably in some way connected to the Bob Dylan CDR tree distribution page "To the Tree with Roots". It's a complete overhaul of the basement tapes, 128 tracks in total, completely remastered with a major leap forward in sound quality compared to the original 5CD set. It's also put together in a much more organised and logical sequence. High quality packaging, 2 booklets, extensive original source notes and reprints of important press coverage. The original pressing was limited to 500 copies.

## Tracklist (from original info file)
DISC ONE <br>01. LOCK YOUR DOOR<br>02. BABY, WON'T YOU BE MY BABY<br>03. TRY ME LITTLE GIRL<br>04. YOUNG BUT DAILY GROWIN'<br>05. BONNIE SHIP THE DIAMOND <br>06. THE HILLS OF MEXICO<br>07. DOWN ON ME<br>08. I CAN'T MAKE IT ALONE<br>09. DON'T YOU TRY ME NOW<br>10. ONE FOR THE ROAD  <br>11. I'M ALRIGHT<br>12. ONE SINGLE RIVER<br>13. PEOPLE GET READY <br>14. I DON'T HURT ANYMORE<br>15. BE CAREFUL OF THE STONES YOU THROW<br>16. ONE MAN'S LOSS<br>17. BABY AIN'T THAT FINE<br>18. ROCK SALT AND NAILS <br>19. A FOOL SUCH AS I<br>20. SILHOUETTE<br>21. BRING IT ON HOME <br>22. KING OF FRANCE<br>23. NINE HUNDRED MILES<br>24. GOIN' DOWN THE ROAD<br>25. SPANISH IS THE LOVING TONGUE <br>26. PO' LAZARUS  <br><br>DISC TWO <br>01. ON A RAINY AFTERNOON<br>02. I CAN'T COME IN WITH A BROKEN HEART<br>03. COME ALL YE FAIR AND TENDER LADIES<br>04. UNDER CONTROL<br>05. OL' ROISON THE BEAU<br>06. I'M GUILTY OF LOVING YOU<br>07. JOHNNY TODD<br>08. COOL WATER<br>09. BANKS OF THE ROYAL CANAL<br>10. BELCHAZAAR <br>11. I FORGOT TO REMEMBER TO FORGET HER  <br>12. YOU WIN AGAIN  <br>13. STILL IN TOWN STILL AROUND  <br>14. WALTZIN' WITH SIN  <br>15. BIG RIVER (TAKE 1)<br>16. BIG RIVER (TAKE 2)<br>17. FOLSOM PRISON BLUES<br>18. BELLS OF RHYMNEY<br>19. I CAN'T COME IN WITH A BROKEN HEART<br>20. I'M A FOOL FOR YOU - FALSE START & TAKE <br>21. NEXT TIME ON THE HIGHWAY  <br>22. TUPELO  <br>23. QUIT KICKING MY DOG AROUND <br>24. SEE YOU LATER ALLEN GINSBURG  <br>25. TINY MONTGOMERY<br>26. THE SPANISH SONG (TAKE 1) <br>27. THE SPANISH SONG (TAKE 2) <br>28. I'M YOUR TEENAGE PRAYER <br><br>DISC THREE <br>01. FOUR STRONG WINDS  <br>02. THE FRENCH GIRL (TAKE 1)<br>03. THE FRENCH GIRL (TAKE 2)<br>04. JOSHUA GONE BARBADOS  <br>05. I'M IN THE MOOD FOR LOVE  <br>06. ALL AMERICAN BOY<br>07. SIGN ON THE CROSS<br>08. SANTA FE<br>09. SILENT WEEKEND <br>10. DON'T YA TELL HENRY<br>11. BOURBON STREET<br>12. MILLION DOLLAR BASH  (TAKE 1)<br>13. YEA HEAVY AND A BOTTLE OF BREAD  (TAKE 1)<br>14. MILLION DOLLAR BASH  (TAKE 2)<br>15. YEA HEAVY AND A BOTTLE OF BREAD  (TAKE 2)<br>16. I'M NOT THERE<br>17. PLEASE MRS HENRY <br>18.CRASH ON THE LEVEE  (TAKE 1)<br>19.CRASH ON THE LEVEE  (TAKE 1)<br>20.LO AND BEHOLD (TAKE 1)<br>21. LO AND BEHOLD (TAKE 2) <br>22. YOU AIN'T GOING NOWHERE  (TAKE 1)<br>23. TOO MUCH OF NOTHING (TAKE 1) <br>24. THIS WHEELS ON FIRE<br>25. YOU AIN'T GOING NOWHERE  (TAKE 2)<br>26. I SHALL BE RELEASED<br><br>DISC FOUR <br>01. TOO MUCH OF NOTHING (TAKE 2<br>02. TEARS OF RAGE (TAKE 1) <br>03. TEARS OF RAGE (TAKE 2) <br>04. TEARS OF RAGE (TAKE 3) <br>05. QUINN THE ESKIMO (TAKE 1)<br>06. QUINN THE ESKIMO - TAKE 2  <br>07. OPEN THE DOOR HOMER  (TAKE 1)<br>08. OPEN THE DOOR HOMER  (TAKE 2) <br>09. OPEN THE DOOR HOMER  (TAKE 3) <br>10. NOTHING WAS DELIVERED (TAKE 1)<br>11. NOTHING WAS DELIVERED (TAKE 2) <br>12. GOIN' TO ACAPULCO<br>13. GONNA GET YOU NOW  <br>14. WILDWOOD FLOWER  <br>15. SEE THAT MY GRAVE IS KEPT CLEAN  <br>16. COMIN' ROUND THE MOUNTAIN <br>17. INSTRUMENTAL JAM <br>18. FLIGHT OF THE BUMBLE BEE  <br>19. CONFIDENTIAL TO ME  <br>20. ODDS AND ENDS (TAKE 1)<br>21. NOTHING WAS DELIVERED (TAKE 3) <br>22. ODDS AND ENDS (TAKE 2) <br>23. GET YOUR ROCKS OFF<br>24. CLOTHESLINE SAGA<br>25. APPLE SUCKLING TREE  (TAKE 1)<br>26. APPLE SUCKLING TREE  (TAKE 2) <br>27. ALL YOU HAVE TO IS DREAM  (TAKE 1)<br>28. ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS DREAM  (TAKE 2)
