
# `bs11` | The Bootleg Series, Vol. 11: The Basement Tapes Complete
[](){ #bs11 }
## Description

## Tracklist ([source](https://www.bobdylan.com/albums/bootleg-series-vol-11-basement-tapes-complete/))
<p>CD 1<br />
1. Edge of the Ocean<br />
2. My Bucket's Got a Hole in It (written by Clarence Williams)<br />
3. Roll on Train<br />
4. Mr. Blue (written by Dewayne Blackwell)<br />
5. Belshazzar (written by Johnny Cash)<br />
6. I Forgot to Remember to Forget (written by Charlie A Feathers and Stanley A Kesler)<br />
7. You Win Again (written by Hank Williams)<br />
8. Still in Town (written by Hank Cochran and Harlan Howard)<br />
9. Waltzing with Sin (written by Sonny Burns and Red Hayes)<br />
10. Big River (Take 1) (written by Johnny Cash)<br />
11. Big River (Take 2) (written by Johnny Cash)<br />
12. Folsom Prison Blues (written by Johnny Cash)<br />
13. Bells of Rhymney (written by Idris Davies and Peter Seeger)<br />
14. Spanish is the Loving Tongue<br />
15. Under Control<br />
16. Ol' Roison the Beau (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
17. I'm Guilty of Loving You<br />
18. Cool Water (written by Bob Nolan)<br />
19. The Auld Triangle (written by Brendan Francis Behan)<br />
20. Po' Lazarus (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
21. I'm a Fool for You (Take 1)<br />
22. I'm a Fool for You (Take 2)</p>
<p>CD 2<br />
1. Johnny Todd (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
2. Tupelo (written by John Lee Hooker)<br />
3. Kickin' My Dog Around (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
4. See You Later Allen Ginsberg (Take 1)<br />
5. See You Later Allen Ginsberg (Take 2)<br />
6. Tiny Montgomery<br />
7. Big Dog<br />
8. I'm Your Teenage Prayer<br />
9. Four Strong Winds (written by Ian Tyson)<br />
10. The French Girl (Take 1) (written by Ian Tyson and Sylvia Tyson)<br />
11. The French Girl (Take 2) (written by Ian Tyson and Sylvia Tyson)<br />
12. Joshua Gone Barbados (written by Eric Von Schmidt)<br />
13. I'm in the Mood (written by Bernard Besman and John Lee Hooker)<br />
14. Baby Ain't That Fine (written by Dallas Frazier)<br />
15. Rock, Salt and Nails (written by Bruce Phillips)<br />
16. A Fool Such As I (written by William Marvin Trader)<br />
17. Song for Canada (written by Pete Gzowski and Ian Tyson)<br />
18. People Get Ready (written by Curtis L Mayfield)<br />
19. I Don't Hurt Anymore (written By Donald I Robertson and Walter E Rollins)<br />
20. Be Careful of Stones That You Throw (written by Benjamin Lee Blankenship)<br />
21. One Man's Loss<br />
22. Lock Your Door<br />
23. Baby, Won't You be My Baby<br />
24. Try Me Little Girl<br />
25. I Can't Make it Alone<br />
26. Don't You Try Me Now</p>
<p>CD 3<br />
1. Young but Daily Growing (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
2. Bonnie Ship the Diamond (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
3. The Hills of Mexico (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
4. Down on Me (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
5. One for the Road<br />
6. I'm Alright<br />
7. Million Dollar Bash (Take 1)<br />
8. Million Dollar Bash (Take 2)<br />
9. Yea! Heavy and a Bottle of Bread (Take 1)<br />
10. Yea! Heavy and a Bottle of Bread (Take 2)<br />
11. I'm Not There<br />
12. Please Mrs. Henry<br />
13. Crash on the Levee (Take 1)<br />
14. Crash on the Levee (Take 2)<br />
15. Lo and Behold! (Take 1)<br />
16. Lo and Behold! (Take 2)<br />
17. You Ain't Goin' Nowhere (Take 1)<br />
18. You Ain't Goin' Nowhere (Take 2)<br />
19. I Shall be Released (Take 1)<br />
20. I Shall be Released (Take 2)<br />
21. This Wheel's on Fire (written by Bob Dylan and Rick Danko)<br />
22. Too Much of Nothing (Take 1)<br />
23. Too Much of Nothing (Take 2)</p>
<p>CD 4<br />
1. Tears of Rage (Take 1) (written by Bob Dylan and Richard Manuel)<br />
2. Tears of Rage (Take 2) (written by Bob Dylan and Richard Manuel)<br />
3. Tears of Rage (Take 3) (written by Bob Dylan and Richard Manuel)<br />
4. Quinn the Eskimo (Take 1)<br />
5. Quinn the Eskimo (Take 2)<br />
6. Open the Door Homer (Take 1)<br />
7. Open the Door Homer (Take 2)<br />
8. Open the Door Homer (Take 3)<br />
9. Nothing Was Delivered (Take 1)<br />
10. Nothing Was Delivered (Take 2)<br />
11. Nothing Was Delivered (Take 3)<br />
12. All American Boy (written by Bobby Bare)<br />
13. Sign on the Cross<br />
14. Odds and Ends (Take 1)<br />
15. Odds and Ends (Take 2)<br />
16. Get Your Rocks Off<br />
17. Clothes Line Saga<br />
18. Apple Suckling Tree (Take 1)<br />
19. Apple Suckling Tree (Take 2)<br />
20. Don't Ya Tell Henry<br />
21. Bourbon Street</p>
<p>CD 5<br />
1. Blowin' in the Wind<br />
2. One Too Many Mornings<br />
3. A Satisfied Mind (written by Joe Hayes and Jack Rhodes)<br />
4. It Ain't Me, Babe<br />
5. Ain't No More Cane (Take 1) (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
6. Ain't No More Cane (Take 2) (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
7. My Woman She's A-Leavin'<br />
8. Santa-Fe<br />
9. Mary Lou, I Love You Too<br />
10. Dress it up, Better Have it All<br />
11. Minstrel Boy<br />
12. Silent Weekend<br />
13. What's it Gonna be When it Comes Up<br />
14. 900 Miles from My Home (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
15. Wildwood Flower (written by A.P. Carter)<br />
16. One Kind Favor (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
17. She'll be Coming Round the Mountain (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
18. It's the Flight of the Bumblebee<br />
19. Wild Wolf<br />
20. Goin' to Acapulco<br />
21. Gonna Get You Now<br />
22. If I Were A Carpenter (written by James Timothy Hardin)<br />
23. Confidential (written by Dorina Morgan)<br />
24. All You Have to do is Dream (Take 1)<br />
25. All You Have to do is Dream (Take 2)</p>
<p>CD 6<br />
1. 2 Dollars and 99 Cents<br />
2. Jelly Bean<br />
3. Any Time<br />
4. Down by the Station<br />
5. Hallelujah, I've Just Been Moved (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
6. That's the Breaks<br />
7. Pretty Mary<br />
8. Will the Circle be Unbroken (written by A.P. Carter)<br />
9. King of France<br />
10. She's on My Mind Again<br />
11. Goin' Down the Road Feeling Bad (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
12. On a Rainy Afternoon<br />
13. I Can't Come in with a Broken Heart<br />
14. Next Time on the Highway<br />
15. Northern Claim<br />
16. Love is Only Mine<br />
17. Silhouettes (written by Bob Crewe and Frank C Slay Jr.)<br />
18. Bring it on Home<br />
19. Come All Ye Fair and Tender Ladies (Traditional, arranged by Bob Dylan)<br />
20. The Spanish Song (Take 1)<br />
21. The Spanish Song (Take 2)</p>
