
# `tgbt` | The Genuine Basement Tapes
[](){ #tgbt }

[LosslessBob LB-11058](http://www.losslessbob.wonderingwhattochoose.com/detail/LB-11058.html)

## Description ([source](https://theband.hiof.no/articles/genuine_basement_tapes_vol_1-5_howells.html))
In 1975 Columbia released its official version of The BasementTapes,and at the time it was thought that all of the songs from that session were in circulation. However, the inclusion of Going To Acapulco, a previously unknown recording, raised the suspicion that there might have been many more songs as yet uncovered. This suspicion turned to reality about ten years later when a new batch of tapes appeared and were subsequently bootlegged as two double lp sets called Blind Boy Grunt and the Hawks I & II. These records not only presented entirely new material, they also contained a few of the standard tracks in new stereo mixes. These mixes were of a crude nature that betrayed the primitive recording equipment used and put an end to the speculation that the basement tapes were actually recorded in Columbia's studios (yes, I had actually heard this rumor!). The new tracks also showed a new side of Dylan and the Band. There is considerably more goofing off and the atmosphere is more relaxed than what was apparent on the "core" tracks that we were all familiar with (more on this later).

Finally, within the past few years we have seen the discovery of an additional few hours of unknown basement tapes. All of this material (the Dylan portion at least) has been released on five CDs in the series called, appropriately enough, The Genuine Basement Tapes. Assuming that we now have the complete collection of basement tapes at last, and barring any further surprises, this seems like a good time to discuss this material in its entirety.

## Tracklist (from original info file)
CD 1:<br>1. All You Have To Do Is Dream #<br>2. I Can't Make It Alone<br>3. Down On Me	<br>4. Bonnie Ship The Diamond<br>5. One Man's Loss<br>6. Baby Ain't That Fine<br>7. Rock Salt And Nails<br>8. A Fool Such As I<br>9. Stones That You Throw<br>10. Hills Of Mexico<br>11. It's Alright<br>12. One Single River<br>13. Try Me<br>14. One For The Road<br>15. I Don't Hurt Anymore<br>16. People Get Ready<br>17. Lock Your Door / Baby, Won't You Be My Baby<br>18. Don't You Try Me Now	<br>19. All You Have To Do Is Dream # 2<br>20. You Said You Loved Me<br>21. Young But Daily Growing<br><br>CD 2:<br>1. Odds And Ends (Version 1)<br>2. Nothing Was Delivered (Version 1)<br>3. Odds And Ends (Version 2)<br>4. Get Your Rocks Off<br>5. Clothesline Saga<br>6. Apple Suckling Tree (Version 1)<br>7. Apple Suckling Tree (Version 2)<br>8. Going To Acapulco<br>9. Gonna Get You Now<br>10. Tears Of Rage (Version 1)<br>11. Tears Of Rage (Version 2)<br>12. Tears Of Rage (Version 3)<br>13. Quinn The Eskimo (Version 1)<br>14. Quinn The Eskimo (Version 2)<br>15. Open The Door, Homer (Version 1)<br>16. Open The Door, Homer (Version 2)<br>17. Open The Door, Homer (Version 3)<br>18. Nothing Was Delivered (Version 2)<br>19. Nothing Was Delivered (Version 3)<br>20. I'm Not There (1956)<br>21. Don'tcha Tell Henry<br>22. Too Much Of Nothing (Version 2)	<br><br>CD 3:<br>1. Million Dollar Bash (Version 1)<br>2. Yea Heavy And A Bottle Of Bread (Version 1)<br>3. Million Dollar Bash (Version 2)<br>4. Yea Heavy And A Bottle Of Bread (Version 2)<br>5. Please Mrs. Henry	<br>6. Crash On The Levee (Version 1)<br>7. Crash On The Levee #2<br>8. Lo And Behold (Version 1)<br>9. Lo And Behold (Version 2)<br>10. Ferdinand The Imposter<br>11. Tiny Montgomery<br>12. This Wheel's On Fire<br>13. You Ain't Going Nowhere<br>14. I Shall Be Released<br>15. Too Much Of Nothing (Version 2)	<br>16. Even A Tomato<br>17. Santa Fe<br>18. Silent Weekend<br>19. Too Much Of Nothing (Version 1)	<br>20. Sign On The Cross<br><br>CD 4:<br>1. You Ain't Going Nowhere (Version 1)<br>2. Bourbon Street<br>3. All American Boy<br>4. Wild Wood Flower	<br>5. See That My Grave Is Kept Clean<br>6. Comin' Round The Mountain	<br>7. Flight Of The Bumblebee<br>8. Confidential To Me<br>9. I'm A Fool For You<br>10. Next Time On The Highway	<br>11. The Big Flood<br>12. Don't Know Why They Kick My Dog<br>13. See You Later, Allen Ginsberg<br>14. The Spanish Song 1 And 2<br>15. I Am A Teenage Prayer<br>16. I'm In The Mood<br>17. Belchezaar 1 And 2<br>18. Bring It On Home	<br>19. The King Of France<br>20. If I Lose, Let Me Lose<br><br>CD 5:<br>1. Four Strong Winds<br>2. The French Girl 1 And 2<br>3. Joshua Gone Barbados<br>4. I Forgot To Remember To Forget<br>5. You Win Again<br>6. Still In Town<br>7. Waltzing With Sin	<br>8. Big River<br>9. Folsom Prison Blues<br>10. Bells Of Rhymney<br>11. Nine Hundred Miles<br>12. No Shoes On My Feet<br>13. Spanish Is The Loving Tongue<br>14. On A Rainy Afternoon<br>15. I Can't Come In With A Broken Heart<br>16. Under Control<br>17. Ol' Roison The Beau<br>18. I'm Guilty Of Loving You<br>19. Johnny Todd<br>20. Cool Water<br>21. Banks Of The Royal Canal<br>22. Po' Lazarus
