docs/songs/anmc_t3.md, before:

---
title: "Ain't No More Cane (The Band)"
song_label: anmc_t3
---

# Ain't No More Cane (The Band)

[](){ #anmc_t3 }

## Notes

This is The Band-only version as it appears on "The Basement Tapes" 1975 album. For cataloguing purposes, it has been labelled as `anmc_t3`.


## Details

| label   | orig_file                   | md5                              |   disc |   track |   duration_sec | duration_fmt   |   loudness |   loudness_left |   loudness_right |   loudness_balance |      rms |   rms_left |   rms_right |   rms_balance |   lr_corr |   spectral_centroid |
|:--------|:----------------------------|:---------------------------------|-------:|--------:|---------------:|:---------------|-----------:|----------------:|-----------------:|-------------------:|---------:|-----------:|------------:|--------------:|----------:|--------------------:|
| FTR     | 08. Ain't No More Cane.flac | f3d470bb37b6dc13e05991efecac26e2 |     11 |       8 |        238.827 | 03:58:827      |   -17.964  |        -17.781  |         -17.9328 |           0.151775 | 0.119724 |   0.122193 |     0.11998 |    0.0022134  |  0.952947 |             2037.63 |
| CB      | 09 Aint No More Cane.flac   | 026150019442082e7d9bc15f40c31cf9 |     10 |       9 |        238.827 | 03:58:827      |   -17.9624 |        -17.7793 |         -17.9311 |           0.151787 | 0.119724 |   0.122194 |     0.11998 |    0.00221377 |  0.952947 |             2044.44 |

## Plots
![Waveforms (Mono)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-waveforms_Mono.png)

![Waveforms (Left)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-waveforms_L.png)

![Waveforms (Right)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-waveforms_R.png)

![Radar Plot](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-radar_plot.png)

![MFCC Similarity](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-similarity_matrix.png)

## Pitch & Speed Analysis (cents)

Reference version: **FTR**

| song_label   | ref_label   | cmp_label   | cmp_file                    |   tuning_cents_cmp |   tuning_cents_ref |   delta_tuning_cents |   semitone_shift_vs_ref |   chroma_similarity |   speed_factor_from_pitch |   duration_ratio_ref_over_cmp |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|:----------------------------|-------------------:|-------------------:|---------------------:|------------------------:|--------------------:|--------------------------:|------------------------------:|
| anmc_t3      | FTR         | FTR         | 08. Ain't No More Cane.flac |                 12 |                 12 |                    0 |                       0 |            1        |                         1 |                             1 |
| anmc_t3      | FTR         | CB          | 09 Aint No More Cane.flac   |                 12 |                 12 |                    0 |                       0 |            0.999966 |                         1 |                             1 |

![Pitch Offsets](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-pitch_offsets.png)

````text
Pitch/Speed analysis (reference = FTR)
============================================================

FTR - 08. Ain't No More Cane.flac: shift=0 st ; Δtuning=0.0 cents ; speed_from_pitch=1.0000 ; duration_ratio(ref/cmp)=1.0000
CB - 09 Aint No More Cane.flac: shift=0 st ; Δtuning=0.0 cents ; speed_from_pitch=1.0000 ; duration_ratio(ref/cmp)=1.0000

````

## Stereo Balance

### FTR

![STFT Spectrogram (Left)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_spectrogram_L.png)

![STFT Spectrogram (Right)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_spectrogram_R.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Left)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_melspec_L.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Right)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_melspec_R.png)

![Stereo Balance Bars](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_balance.png)

### CB

![STFT Spectrogram (Left)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_spectrogram_L.png)

![STFT Spectrogram (Right)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_spectrogram_R.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Left)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_melspec_L.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Right)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_melspec_R.png)

![Stereo Balance Bars](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_balance.png)

## Spectrograms (Mono)

### FTR

![STFT Spectrogram (Mono)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_spectrogram_Mono.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Mono)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_melspec_Mono.png)

### CB

![STFT Spectrogram (Mono)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_spectrogram_Mono.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Mono)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_melspec_Mono.png)

Commit message:

edited notes adding procedure - now done only when syncing! added some songs; minor edits to album texts

docs/songs/anmc_t3.md, after:

---
title: "Ain't No More Cane (The Band)"
song_label: anmc_t3
---

# Ain't No More Cane (The Band)

[](){ #anmc_t3 }

## Notes

This is The Band-only version as it appears on "The Basement Tapes" 1975 album. For cataloguing purposes, it has been labelled as `anmc_t3`.


## Notes

This is The Band-only version as it appears on "The Basement Tapes" 1975 album. For cataloguing purposes, it has been labelled as `anmc_t3`.


## Details

| label   | orig_file                   | md5                              |   disc |   track |   duration_sec | duration_fmt   |   loudness |   loudness_left |   loudness_right |   loudness_balance |      rms |   rms_left |   rms_right |   rms_balance |   lr_corr |   spectral_centroid |
|:--------|:----------------------------|:---------------------------------|-------:|--------:|---------------:|:---------------|-----------:|----------------:|-----------------:|-------------------:|---------:|-----------:|------------:|--------------:|----------:|--------------------:|
| FTR     | 08. Ain't No More Cane.flac | f3d470bb37b6dc13e05991efecac26e2 |     11 |       8 |        238.827 | 03:58:827      |   -17.964  |        -17.781  |         -17.9328 |           0.151775 | 0.119724 |   0.122193 |     0.11998 |    0.0022134  |  0.952947 |             2037.63 |
| CB      | 09 Aint No More Cane.flac   | 026150019442082e7d9bc15f40c31cf9 |     10 |       9 |        238.827 | 03:58:827      |   -17.9624 |        -17.7793 |         -17.9311 |           0.151787 | 0.119724 |   0.122194 |     0.11998 |    0.00221377 |  0.952947 |             2044.44 |

## Plots
![Waveforms (Mono)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-waveforms_Mono.png)

![Waveforms (Left)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-waveforms_L.png)

![Waveforms (Right)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-waveforms_R.png)

![Radar Plot](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-radar_plot.png)

![MFCC Similarity](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-similarity_matrix.png)

## Pitch & Speed Analysis (cents)

Reference version: **FTR**

| song_label   | ref_label   | cmp_label   | cmp_file                    |   tuning_cents_cmp |   tuning_cents_ref |   delta_tuning_cents |   semitone_shift_vs_ref |   chroma_similarity |   speed_factor_from_pitch |   duration_ratio_ref_over_cmp |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|:----------------------------|-------------------:|-------------------:|---------------------:|------------------------:|--------------------:|--------------------------:|------------------------------:|
| anmc_t3      | FTR         | FTR         | 08. Ain't No More Cane.flac |                 12 |                 12 |                    0 |                       0 |            1        |                         1 |                             1 |
| anmc_t3      | FTR         | CB          | 09 Aint No More Cane.flac   |                 12 |                 12 |                    0 |                       0 |            0.999966 |                         1 |                             1 |

![Pitch Offsets](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-pitch_offsets.png)

````text
Pitch/Speed analysis (reference = FTR)
============================================================

FTR - 08. Ain't No More Cane.flac: shift=0 st ; Δtuning=0.0 cents ; speed_from_pitch=1.0000 ; duration_ratio(ref/cmp)=1.0000
CB - 09 Aint No More Cane.flac: shift=0 st ; Δtuning=0.0 cents ; speed_from_pitch=1.0000 ; duration_ratio(ref/cmp)=1.0000

````

## Stereo Balance

### FTR

![STFT Spectrogram (Left)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_spectrogram_L.png)

![STFT Spectrogram (Right)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_spectrogram_R.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Left)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_melspec_L.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Right)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_melspec_R.png)

![Stereo Balance Bars](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_balance.png)

### CB

![STFT Spectrogram (Left)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_spectrogram_L.png)

![STFT Spectrogram (Right)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_spectrogram_R.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Left)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_melspec_L.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Right)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_melspec_R.png)

![Stereo Balance Bars](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_balance.png)

## Spectrograms (Mono)

### FTR

![STFT Spectrogram (Mono)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_spectrogram_Mono.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Mono)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-FTR_melspec_Mono.png)

### CB

![STFT Spectrogram (Mono)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_spectrogram_Mono.png)

![Mel Spectrogram (Mono)](../assets/songs/anmc_t3/anmc_t3-CB_melspec_Mono.png)
